Sorry.
Alright, drive?
- Alright, Herb?
There seems to be no change
in your circumstances.
So we have to move on.
This is all this is to you,
isn't it?
A fucking game.
It's not personal, Mr...
- Well, not to you, no!
So what am I supposed to do,
huh?
What about my depression?
What about my bad back?
Medical reports indicate
you are sick no longer.
How is that old motorbike going, Id?
New daps, love?
Yeah?
- Ken, how's it going? Me, it is.
No Ken here, mate.
Wrong number.
You sure?
- Well, what do you think?
Keep your fucking hair on.
- Fuck... you!
Fucking prick!
Come on, son.
He's done it.
He's fucking fixed it.
You fixed it!
You fucking fixed it!
Jesus Christ, man,
you're a genius.
Good as new.
Something must be wrong.
- I'm off the fucking sick, man.
I'm gonna lose like 40 quid
a fucking week. I'm screwed.
That's austerity, that is, Herb.
I've seen it on the news.
It's always fucking austerity
round here, mate.
We're just helpless components
in a global system.
That's all we are.
Whichever way they turn, it hurts.
Listen...
Whatever you need, like.
I'm here for you, you know that.
Be careful. It's gonna be you next.
I fucking swear, mate.
Hey, thanks for fixing
the record player.
Can sort my vinyl out now,
no excuses.
No worries.
New daps? They're tidy.
- Yeah. Not bad, eh?
Come on.
Jesus, man!
- Oh, fuck's sake, Wal!
The vet says I need
to stop giving him trifle.
Why are you giving him trifle?
- He really likes trifle.
Oh, that's bad, that is.
Hey, thanks for this anyway.
- Yeah.
See you later.
- Okay, mate.
Come on, then. Off we go.
Oh, fuck, no!
Pembrokeshire across
to parts of Powys
up to 40 millimetres of rain
expected.
Already falling
on to saturated ground
and the river levels are high
so there is a risk...
Yeah?
- Ken. Me, it is.
Fuck me. How many times?
- You again?
Well, yeah,
cos it's my fucking phone!
Wanker!
- Fuck!
Hello, Mam.
Straight for the food.
Would it kill you to say hello?
Hiya.
Look at the state of you.
Your father was a pain in the arse,
but you know what?
I think you've even beaten him.
Shall I fix this?
It's next door,
but there's no money, mind!
I'll fix it.
Take it with you, then,
I don't want mess here.
Did you get a card for Francis?
- Yeah.
Put money in it?
- Yes!
More than a fiver, I hope.
Your own son.
No wonder they left.
Why do you keep watering that plant?
It bloody stinks in here.
Never guess who I saw
last night.
The Captain!
What, Kirk?
- I think it's his father.
Gone doolally, they say.
Pissed in the pound shop
over the cream crackers.
Jacob's they were, too.
No cheap muck.
Friend or foe?
Oh, it's you.
Is that your toaster?
- Yeah. No.
Whose is it?
- Is the Captain home?
He's down the shed.
Herb, you arsehole.
- Where's the love, man?
My best mate rolls into town
like it's 2002 and doesn't call!
I was going to.
- You look good, man.
Since we're lying,
you look fucking amazing.
Still got the gift?
- Same shit, different decade.
Where's me fucking backy?
I'm sorry!
- Give me a minute.
Grab hold of him.
- I don't like birds.
He's alright.
Kirk, I need you now, son!
So, how are your folks?
Dad fucked off
couple of years ago.
So, it's just...
Just mum now. Yeah.
You not with her?
Living with her? Christ, no!
I got my own place.
Francine?
Divorced, mate.
Done and dusted. Over.
Frankie?
- Frankie's...
I don't see much of him
at the moment, but...
No good news here, mate.
You know how it goes.
What have you been up to?
- I've been on the ships mostly.
Been round the world, Herb.
Seen some shit, I have.
Good and bad.
Not sure if I'm done.
Way the world is now, who knows.
We'll see what happens here,
with the old man.
Don't know what I'm gonna do.
Yeah, stick around, I suppose.
So you never got out then?
Fucking hell. How many lives
do you think you've got?
Where are me glasses?
I can't find me glasses.
- They're there.
Where?
There, round your fucking neck!
He's doing
my fucking head in, he is.
I can't read without my glasses!
Round your neck,
you fucking idiot!
I was just telling your mum.
- Shut up!
She sends her love.
You want some blow?
- Fucking right, tidy. Cheers.
You gonna answer that?
- It's not for me.
Who's it for?
- Ken.
Who's Ken?
- Fuck knows.
Fancy a pint?
- Got to see to the old man.
Oh, yeah.
- Tomorrow, maybe.
Kirk! Kirk!
- OK.
I've got to go.
Cheers.
- I don't know what to do!
Good to see you. Welcome back.
- You too.
Hiya, mate.
Alright, bud?
- Yeah, good. One large, please.
Soak them up, Screwy.
I'm fucking starving, mate.
Here you go.
- Tidy.
Double. Dregs and all.
- Oh, lovely. Good evening.
Excuse me, bud,
do you have the time on you?
Sorry, mate, no.
I don't have the time.
Any money, half pint of piss?
- Have I fuck got money.
Give us a chip.
- Fucking ginger!
Fucking hell!
Calm down
or I'll cut your fucking throat.
You fucking calm down.
- Shut up!
Got anything on you?
- Relax. I ain't got nothing.
Everybody's got something.
- I got fucking nothing. Relax.
What's this?
- A shit phone.
Yeah, it is.
- Nice one.
Shut up!
- This prick is strapless.
No money, no nothing.
Just a fucking toaster.
Get his fucking jacket.
- My fucking head!
Fuck! Fucking...
Grab his creps, boys.
- Don't take the shoes.
Shut the fuck up!
What a wanker.
- Fuck!
Shut up!
Allow me to take you on a tour,
lifestyle of the luxurious
and incarcerated.
Sometimes getting locked up
is a 5-star experience.
It definitely is if you are
doing time in Denmark.
This is like going
to a resort.
They have a key
to their personal cell.
If the prisoners have a key,
it's a hotel.
They have jobs
from 8:30 to 3:30 every day.
They do farming, chop wood...
Things people on
a self-sustaining village do.
There's home school, gym area
to simulate a normal routine.
Let me take you into a cell.
- I want to go.
100-square-foot cell offers you
private toilet, private shower,
a mini-fridge.
The private shower
is a big deal in prison.
If you drop the soap...
- You just pick it up.
Pick it up.
There's unbarred windows,
aka just windows.
And flat screen television
in your room.
Stroll on down
to the prison supermarket,
where you can buy stuff
once a week.
How can you buy stuff?
You get paid to leave your room
and do stuff in prison.
Let's steal stuff.
- Import surströmming.
And we'll go to prison
together.
Wonder if I can print
this stuff out.
Fuck's sake, Herb,
you taking the piss?
They're gonna think you've
escaped from the loony bin.
It's a BB Gun.
- So?
You need a real gun.
Where do I get a real gun from,
the fucking Social?
Anyway, I don't care
about that shit!
I don't wanna get away with it.
I wanna get caught!
So? Kirk?
What do you think, mate?
Look, boys...
I get a tidy cell,
I get a job to go to,
no bills,
a get a flat screen fucking TV,
good medical treatment,
a dentist...
You can't get a dentist here.
Not a National Health one.
I get fucking peace
and quiet.
That dozy prick upstairs,
he never stops.
I'm safer in there
than out here.
I got fucking mugged last night
by a bunch of... kids!
Not long out of nappies.
- A bit of ointment.
Yeah, it fucking hurts!
- You sure about this, Herb?
I have to do something.
OK?
Because it's like fucking
"Groundhog Day" here.
And if I don't leave now,
I am going to die here.
I'm gonna fucking die.
Harry the Horse goes that way.
- Which way?
To Harwich. You go to Harwich
to get the boat to Denmark.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, I've got his number
on my phone somewhere.
So, what's the plan, Herb?
- Right.
I'm gonna go to Denmark.
I'm gonna walk
to the nearest town.
I'm gonna do the deed.
And I'm gonna get banged up.
Keep it simple.
Cut the overheads.
You can't barge in there
like Billy the fucking Kid.
Why not?
- Cos the world is crazy.
Watch the news!
Some arsehole might think
you're a jihadist
and blow your fucking head off.
The cops will waste you.
They got guns.
Guns? Have they?
- Yeah.
You gotta keep it simple.
You know, shout, make a noise.
Tell them what you want,
make sure they get the message.
Get it right.
Fuck's sake, Wally!
He's a fucking menace.
Stinks of shit all the time.
He's got IBS.
- I don't know what that is.
Shut the fuck up!
Christ!
No one gives a fuck about us!
Don't you see that?
People fucking despise me,
who don't even know me
cos I haven't got a job in
a place where there are no jobs!
Well, fuck 'em!
Fuck 'em all.
They can kiss my skiving arse
cos I am f... I am off.
Do you want his number?
- Whose?
Harry the Horse, you turd.
- Nice one, mate, yeah.
I haven't got a phone.
You got a pen?
No.
- You got a pen?
Oh, fucking hell.
Id. Hiya, bud!
Alright, boy?
- Fucking phone!
Get in.
- Oh, tidy, mate. Cheers.
Hello?
- Hello, it's me. Is he there?
Hang on. It's your dad.
Hello?
- Hello, mate.
It's me, it is.
Did you...
You get the card?
- Yeah.
The fiver?
- Yeah. Thanks.
No, no problem.
So, is everything OK?
- Guess so.
Well, I should let you go.
- Yeah, alright.
OK, mate.
OK, bye. Love...
Don't fucking an...
Hello, Harry!
- Who wants to know?
Hello, it's Herb here...
Aubrey said
I should give you a call.
What's going on? What are you
doing with that door?
What are you doing in here?
Look, I'm leaving tonight.
Harry the Horse is gonna give me
a lift and he's not gonna wait.
Harry the Horse?
Leaving tonight? Where?
You said I could have
some of the old man's stuff.
Tell me where the shoes are.
- You'll lose your dole.
Need a pair of shoes.
- Don't you come sponging here.
I've not got money.
Life hasn't given me much.
It's not that I haven't tried.
I've always tried to do what...
- Ma!
Shut your gob!
What happened?
Who hurt you?
Doesn't matter.
Shoes, is it?
In the trunk.
- Just want a pair of shoes.
Don't go making a mess.
I tidied at Easter.
Well...
What do you think?
I don't know.
What do you expect me to think?
Gotta do this, Ma.
Please don't give me
a hard time.
Hey! Are you Herb?
- Yeah.
Get your arse in here,
I'm late!
Fuck me !
Hiya. Thanks very much for this.
Oh, this is nice.
Wow, nice colours and stuff.
The belt is stuck.
Get your hands off.
- Dangerous.
You wanna wait for a bus?
Don't touch the belt.
Is there a... toilet on board?
A what?
- For a piss. Is there a toilet?
Behind the shower at the back.
Just turn left.
Of course there's not a toilet!
It's a fucking lorry!
Really need a piss, though.
Can you pull over?
Out!
Aubrey's given me the SP.
Told me everything.
Everything?
- Everything.
Incarceration tourism.
That's a fucking new one.
Good to have an idea,
but have you thought this through?
No.
- No.
Doing time
isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Trust me. I know this.
You miss the small things
in life.
Going for a pint.
Taking a shit in private.
Ever shit in a bucket?
- Never in my life.
Glad to hear that.
Dirty bastards.
Does my fucking head in.
- Buckets?
Not the bucket, the...
The small things.
Yeah.
And then there's this.
Fuck!
Emotional stuff, the big stuff,
the family, spiritual baggage.
I got fuck all, mate,
to be honest.
Kids?
Hope?
As I say, I got fuck all.
My son gave it to me.
Used to make him laugh.
Make you laugh?
- No. Not anymore, no.
In Harwich
you're gonna need money.
You got any?
- Only a bit.
Haven't got much?
You're a fuckwit, ain't you?
Yes.
- You are a...
Fucking hell. For a little bit I
might be able to get you there.
In the back of a container.
- That's illegal.
Course it's fucking illegal,
you fuckwit!
It's not legal, is it?
Fucking illegal!
Listen, whatever you say, eh.
Whatever you say.
You, stay here.
Do not move.
Come on, down you come.
You got a ride.
Now listen,
you're a stupid motherfucker,
but you're OK.
Could be lucky out there,
you never know.
You may get more
than you bargained for.
Right.
It's gonna be a bit rough,
but you'll be fine.
Alright, be safe.
And watch where you piss.
Thanks very much, Harry.
Thank you.
Harry, how long
until this goes on the ship?
About six hours.
- What the fuck?
Fuck!
Now, mate!
It's time.
So now you have to go out.
Out with you.
Oh, fucking hell!
Do you speak English?
- Yeah, I do.
A lot of choice...
- Are you English?
No, I'm Welsh.
From Wales. Welshman.
Tom fucking Jones!
You're Tom fucking Jones!
- He's harmless.
Don't pay him attention.
- What he's drinking.
OK.
- Steen. Tom fucking Jones, man!
Play something!
- Please, just shut up?
Yeah. Relax.
Are you going to sing?
Sing?
- No.
Here you go.
- I'm not gonna sing.
Thanks very much, cheers.
Yes, you are.
The old home town
Looks the same
As I stepped down
From the train
There to meet me
Is my mama
And papa
Down the road
I looked
And there comes Mary
Hair of gold
And lips like cherry
It's good to touch
The green, green grass of home
Alright, bud?
Hiya.
Beer's good here.
Thank you.
We make it ourselves.
Yeah, I love beer.
I'd have a bath in it
if I could.
Not really, like.
I'm Matilda.
Herb.
You were good tonight, Mr. Herb.
- How so?
On the stage and everything.
Yeah, it's a nice song.
Gets you here, every time, like.
It does me, anyway.
Still...
It was good.
Who is the...
Who's the fella with the hat
and the beard?
Pay no attention.
He's the local loudmouth.
He's got some chops on him.
Chops, yeah.
Well, he's clearly taken
a liking to you.
Oh, no.
Are you in Denmark for long?
I dunno, maybe. Maybe, yeah.
Just here to do some work?
- No. No...
I never been abroad before.
I was supposed to go to Spain
couple of years ago with a mate.
Jack the Rat
on a back and fore job,
booze and fags run, but my
old man left that weekend.
I had to stay with my mum.
And I didn't really
hear about it again.
Never been anywhere since.
So...
Well... now you have.
Yeah.
Now I have.
What the fuck?
Goodnight.
- Night.
Tom fucking Jones.
Okay.
You talking to me?
Are you...
Are you talking to me?
I don't see anybody else here.
You talk... Talking to me?
Fucking hell!
Need a fucking piss.
Go and have a fucking piss
and then...
I'll have a piss.
Do you mind if I... Cheers.
Fuck's sake.
Oh, look. Does that work?
Oh, look at that.
That's strange.
Oh, fuck me, look.
Fuck!
Oh, alright, bud?
Oh, I need a shit.
Christ's sake!
Hiya, mate. Sorry. Cheers.
Do you wanna take your...
Tidy.
Sorry, mate, you got any paper?
Paper?
Cheers, thanks.
Alright then, boy.
It's now or never if you ask me.
Let's fucking do this.
What the fuck?
Give me the money, motherfucker.
Or I'll blow
your fucking brains out.
Give me the money.
I'll blow
your fucking brains out.
What's this kid want now?
What the fuck. One.
Two.
Fuck!
Hi. I see you've made a friend.
Oh, yeah, him. No.
He's a good man.
Not seeing the sights, then?
- Nah. No.
May I?
- Please.
I need a cigarette.
It's been such a busy day.
Oh, yeah?
- Yeah.
So, what about you?
How's your day?
Not homesick yet?
- Oh, Christ, no. No, no.
Your accent, it's... funny for me.
I'm not used to it.
Are you from Wales?
- Correct.
I've heard
it's such a beautiful country.
Not the place I'm from.
You have mountains and hills.
Such wonders.
Here it's... mostly flat.
Flat is good. Hills are not
all they're cracked up to be.
Hills are a pain in the arse.
Up and down with shopping.
Not to be recommended.
My fucking arms are six inches longer
than before I moved in.
My English is not so good.
Well, actually,
it's better than most I know.
So, what's it like
where you're from?
It's... fucked.
It's full of warmth, you know?
Full of warmth and humour.
For such a crappy place
it's quite funny.
But it's dying, you know.
It's dying and...
I had to get out
before it took me with it.
So, is that what this is?
Getting out?
Maybe.
I'm still thinking about it.
Matilda,
you not gone home yet?
No, not yet.
Is everything okay, Mr. Herb?
- Yeah, no.
Everything is fine.
Well, I'm going to be late,
so I should go.
We must do this again.
- That would be nice.
Bye.
- Have a nice day.
Would you like to come
for something to eat?
You're alright. Don't worry.
- Danish hospitality. A meal.
I'm not gonna kidnap you.
OK, yeah.
Mum!
Hello, you.
I missed you.
- I missed you!
You are late.
Where have you been?
Well, this is my new friend,
Mr. Herb.
This is my daughter, Krystel.
- Alright?
And who is this?
It's her new friend!
He is staying for dinner, Mum.
So try to behave yourself.
Hi.
You can sit down if you want.
Oh, cheers.
I'll just...
Is he your dog, Mr. Herb?
- No.
I don't think he's got a home.
He keeps following me around.
What's his name?
I don't know.
He hasn't said.
He has to have a name.
- You give him a name.
Can I?
- Yeah, sure. Why not?
What are they...
What are they talking about?
You.
- What are they saying?
Grandma thinks you are strange.
She says you're a hobo.
Probably a drug addict.
Don't tell grandma,
but I'm here to rob a bank.
Really.
Have some more potatoes.
The man is an idiot.
No.
Stop giving it stuff at the table.
I know.
I will call him Mistah!
Yeah.
After Mr. Herb! Simple!
Well, that's a nice name.
Can we take him down
to the beach after dinner?
Dear...
- Please?
It needs a walk.
- Maybe. We'll consider it.
You know, Mr Herb...
I'm proud of my daughter.
- Here we go!
Very proud.
As well as holding down a job,
she's bringing up a child.
And she's studying
the hotel business.
She works very hard.
Her boss gives her time off
to study, which helps!
It would be a shame to see it
all thrown away over some...
A bum!
- He is a dinner guest, Mum.
That's all very well.
But you know that when you give
them an inch, they'll take a mile.
It's a lovely dinner.
Krystel, you and I will handle
the dishes.
Why do I need to do the dishes?
Because the dishwasher is broken.
And because I work.
Yes, and you promised
that you would get it fixed.
Listen, if you'd used
the dishwasher properly,
it wouldn't have broken
in the first place.
I know how to use a dishwasher.
- It is one year old.
Why do I need to do the dishes?
Because I work.
Now bloody shut up the both of you!
The dishwasher's broken
and it's the end of the world.
I could fix it.
Sure!
Most likely.
OK...
And then if we
give this one more...
If I just... One more turn...
Oh, fucking hell.
OK, let's give it a try.
Sorry. Sorry, mate.
Okay.
There you go.
Thank you very much.
I apologise for my mother.
She thinks that I'm... hopeless.
That I will mess up everything.
I don't think she likes me
that much.
Really?
You did fix her dishwasher.
- Let's hope it stays fixed.
Stay, stay.
There you go.
This is cool.
- Yeah, it is.
In a couple of days, bonfires
will be lit along the coast.
Oh, why?
- Sankt Hans Aften.
"Sans hen hafen."
Saint John, the solstice.
- Oh, I see.
Everybody comes.
We tell stories,
have picnics, sing songs...
It's fun.
I love this festival.
Mr. Herb.
- Yeah?
Welcome to Denmark.
- Oh, thank you.
Race you!
It's uphill.
Come on, bud.
Go on, girl.
Get up.
Don't forget the trolley.
- Right, OK.
Give me a second.
Quite hard to manoeuvre.
- I won the race.
Come on.
Getting her off to bed is no easy task.
She does not stop.
Voilà!
Oh, she's a bright kid.
- Yeah.
Do you have kids?
Yeah.
One. A boy.
Frankie.
Francis. He's...
He's not in my life
at the moment.
He lives with his mother.
That's sad.
That's life.
You seem very easy in your skin.
Not under pressure, you know.
Where I'm from
pressure's all there is.
Well, in Denmark pressure's just...
different, that's all.
What?
- Nothing.
Do you smoke weed?
- Weed?
Wacky backy.
Blow.
Pot.
Cannabis?
- Oh, yes.
Maybe.
I used to jog a lot.
Years ago, you know.
To keep fit.
You know, how you do.
And I used to get stoned
before I went.
Makes you paranoid.
Like someone's chasing you.
I used to run
right fucking fast.
Fit as a fucking fiddle.
You're crazy.
- Best diet ever.
Some master plan.
Oh, hi.
- Hey, morning.
Hello.
Looks like a nice day.
- Yeah, it won't last.
Looks like rain, I think.
Well, there's eggs and coffee
if you want.
I think I'm gonna
head back to town.
I can take you.
But first we eat.
I want food, even if you don't.
He's got the right idea.
So, what happens now?
Go back home? Is that it?
- I don't know.
Well, maybe.
I don't know
what I'm doing anymore.
Can I ask you a question?
- Sure.
Who's the... Who's the man
in the photograph at home?
He's not here anymore.
Oh, sorry.
- No worries.
He died when Krystel
was only a few months old.
No.
One night, driving home from
my mother's house, we...
We got into an accident.
It's OK...
Every day it takes figuring out
all over again.
Well, look, I best be off.
- Yeah, of course.
Thanks very much.
For everything.
Well, you're very welcome,
Mr. Herb.
OK. Well, he's OK.
- Yeah.
Well, goodbye.
Bye.
Good boy.
That's a good boy.
OK, mate?
It's time to go home, I think.
While I still can.
I hope you have
a really good journey.
Hi. Do you speak English?
Yes, a little.
- OK, good.
Look, this is how it is.
I've come to Denmark
by mistake.
And I wanna go home.
- Yeah.
But I haven't got money
for a ticket.
So, I was hoping you might
be able to do me a favour
and sort something out.
Now. I just wanna go home.
Just want a ticket, is all.
Listen.
I can send you the cash.
I will pay you back.
No.
- And I've got my passport.
Look, hang on,
it's in here somewhere.
Look, I mean, no.
Picture was taken a long
time ago, but it is valid.
So, I...
- You know...
Just...
- No.
I just don't belong here.
I just wanna go home.
Please.
- No money, no ticket.
I do have money.
This is what I have.
OK. Let's see.
So...
- It's not enough.
No.
- No, I know.
I'm sorry. No.
- Just do me a favour.
I can't...
I can't help you.
Move up, sir, please.
You can help me.
- No.
I cannot help you.
Now take your money
and your passport and move up.
Peter, could you just...
It's "move on". Move on.
Not up.
- What?
You said... It's "move on".
Oh, I don't... I don't...
- Yes.
Fuck!
Fuck this!
Now don't nobody fucking move.
Shut up! Shut up!
Quiet. Quiet!
Shut up!
You... just give me
a ticket now.
Just give me
a fucking ticket now!
What's wrong
with the world?
All I want
is a tiny bit of help.
It's only
a bit of fucking money.
Give me a ticket or I'll blow
my fucking brains out!
Don't worry.
It's OK, don't worry.
I'm sorry.
I'm... I'm sorry.
Hands up!
Turn around.
Check him.
Let's go!
Hi.
I'll be damned!
Tom fucking Jones.
- What the f...
You're a cop.
- Yes, I am.
And you are in a grave
of fucking trouble, my friend.
Come on, get out.
Come on.
It's over here.
What's up, Kristina?
Is that for me?
Thanks.
Sit down.
So...
What is going on?
What happened?
You seems like
a pretty straight guy.
I am.
Who's these two guys?
It's my son.
So, where is he now?
He's with his mother.
He's gone.
Tell me, what is all this about?
Listen, man...
I'm 34 years old.
I'm thirty fucking four.
I've been out of work
as long as I can remember.
I eat shit food every day.
My own mother's ashamed of me.
I live in a disgusting flat
beneath a mental case
who plays loud music
day and night.
And I have a son.
I have a son.
And his name is Frankie.
And he ignores me.
And it's my own fault.
But my life is shit.
And I've tried hard, you know,
to make it not shit.
But where I come from
there isn't a chance.
Not for the likes of me.
So, I tried
to shake things up a bit
and make change
and break circles.
But all I could think about
was dying.
Life became more about dying
than living.
So, what happens now?
Lucky for you
I have friends here.
Thanks.
- I gave them my word.
Told that you were not
a problem, that you...
It was a big misunderstanding.
- Yes.
Now, come on.
Why are you doing this
for me?
I don't do this for you.
Seems you made a friend.
Thank you.
No more fucking up,
Tom Jones.
Hello.
- Hi.
Chresten was first on the scene.
He saved my life.
Really?
- Yeah.
He visited me in the hospital
quite often.
I think he...
felt responsible somehow.
You know, I was
in the hospital for a long time
and I almost died.
And I was so angry,
angry with...
...life,
angry with myself, just...
Angry all the time.
- That's how I felt.
Exactly... I mean,
it's not the same, but...
It is! It is!
But it takes time.
Yeah.
I suppose
it's just trying to find
one positive thing each day,
right?
Right.
What's that?
Seriously?
It's not finished.
I'm gonna go back.
I'm gonna go back home.
And I'm gonna sort it out
with Frankie and then...
Cos I...
And then I might come back.
You might come back.
- I might, yeah.
Because, I mean...
There's no hills here, so...
What about Mistah?
- Will you look after him?
Until you get back?
- He'll forget me quickly.
I don't think so.
I better come back.
- We will all miss Mr. Herb.
Come on!
Come!
"Sankt Hans Aften."
Mum, Mum! Hurry!
The bonfire is being lit!
- Is it now?
Are you coming?
- Yeah.
Good.
- Yeah, I'll be down.